hello and welcome to topid cast once
again we are back from Hiatus and not
exactly sure how the volume is right now
we'll see it should be okay but I've got
a little bit of a new setup here
adjusted the height that I'm at bit of a
bit height for the monitors but uh yeah
things are different the uh positioning
of the mic is slightly different and I'm
not sure how it sounds but I'm going to
roll with it I think it should be fine
let me know in the comments down
below we got flat white coffee so time
is the times are good all the times all
times are good yeah it might be a little
bit to get back into the piercing of
casting we've got a very annoying lictor
Alpha here by
Todd getting cooked quite hard there by
the Force Commander and nice play there
by King Fisher for a second there denies
the attempted Decap from Todd
Todd probably should have waited in
infiltration until the FC left before
going for the Decap or at the very least
going for the Decap when the FC wasn't
right next to
him would have bought him a little bit
more time fer did get lucky that he
proed the special straight away but I
think he would have been all right
anyway Fisher needs to be careful right
now because he has homun in Retreat path
and losing a tactical Marine right now
would be very bad for his economy let's
see if the homers can grab one support
structure complete yeah they didn't even
go for it I think I think they should
have there was a chance not sure how
exactly the term against distributed
their damage but if they all went into
this dude I think they would have been a
chance to take him out no mercy
no no flesh hook apparently not sure
where he used that or maybe he does have
flesh actually it's probably just
infiltration isn't it and strain all
that energy so you can pull him back
right now into the turant fire there you
go this iser territory that was bad
timing by Todd he does it just when one
of the ter is is n doing anything but it
doesn't matter the FC's not got enough
HP going to have to
retreat second Scout has been busy
capping up the map this side to counter
that Todd is going to use his half HP
hommers to take the contested really
Fisher should have been responding I
think with this scout Squad I guess he
wants the two range units still in play
here in order to be able to kite the
lior but honestly probably not worth it
early on before you have all your
upgrades before you have tier 1.5 you're
not going to win fights against the
nids and I think it's just better to
stay even on the map control and take
less
fights then to try and out bed them
right now he's risking losing attack
he's playing very bold here going for
the kill on the lior with the battle
crry he might get it so lucky to not
lose attack what the
hell how the teras did not manage to
kill one I do not know yeah I feel your
pain Todd I feel your pain and the
scouts are going to go into melee cuz
these ders are run down to two models
and that is the tyranids routed but he
did take this side of the map and he's
going to full Retreat basically recoup
everything but yeah the fact that he
didn't lose the attack means that that
is actually an amazing engagement for
Fisher no bleed and he's just he's
getting all the map Warriors should be
able to finish this yeah finish them off
make him Retreat before they can get the
Decap that's because their Leaf Le Leaf
I was reading beef kicks leap into
combat which would have knocked them
over
but still huge pressure here from king
fisher he's now going for
ASM needs to drop another genen or get
shotguns or Another War gear drops his
gen nice timing two gens up for Todd
we'll see what Todd goes for next he
does have feedat tendrils which is why
he is where he is right now nids should
generally get out more units than the
Space Marines had he not gone for feed
tendril he wouldn't be far off getting
the the raveners certainly as well if if
you didn't also have toxin sacks you
basically have ravs on the way
already but he's opted for the feedat
tendrils and the toxin sacks we'll see
how it does you do want to get the toxin
sacks eventually whether or not you get
it before your fifth Squad in tier one
well that's
debatable but yeah with a leap here yeah
catches that Squad out and with feed the
tendrils on the lior I don't think the
ASM want this fight they will certainly
beat the warriors on their own but a lot
of decent damage coming out of the feed
DET tendril it is power Mele
63.75 really quite a lot of power melee
wow and he goes in for another jump now
that is a mistake from Todd overc
commitment for sure loses a model for it
I going to say now that he's lost a
model he should stay in for a bit but
man look at that lior chunking
through that ASM Squad quite a brave
Force Commander as well coming out with
not a lot of HP I don't really think
this is a good idea no terrible idea oh
my God yeah feed the tendrils gobbles
him up fast remember you do take less
damage from normal melee with be
Commander armor so the power melee there
from the feeder tendrils is making this
even more than the uh 50 DPS to 63.75
DPS because this is doing full damage
and the normal melee weapon wouldn't so
yeah very good effective DPS increase
against Heroes artifici Armor wasn't the
way for the FC and he's in a really
awkward position now king fisher because
he can't get that money back for the
upgrade while it's queued up and his
Heroes dead so that's a lot of money
that he's dumped on that hero which is
now not doing
anything so a really big error there
from king fisher
probably mitigating all the advantages
he had in winning that earlier
engagement without taking any
bleed no energy for a second jump
unfortunately may have been able to get
the lior AL if he had that second jump
but turant are going to get routed here
they'll finish this cap which is fine
bit of an odd B strike
there ASM could just go into meley and
beat up these raveners
they're taking their time with it now
though they they've lost quite a bit of
HP from the devour shots but with the SP
fire and Scouts they're
okay and we had the TA go this side
maybe they were meant to queue up a
flamethrower and he's mistaken because
they are precariously stood there
looking at Jens if they had flamethrower
it would be great but they unfortunately
do not and we did of course see the
Raptors oh this is a bit weird B
Strangler as well I don't like
that I really don't like that what's the
point of that you're only fighting one
tack you're fighting an FC not a Bolter
APO not a Tech
Marine there's ASM not
Devastators what's the point of the Bob
Strangler the ASM are the counter to the
Bob Strangler and if you think about
scaling you can get the Forex swarm okay
but you can't keep it if you get the
adrenal glands in which case it was
mostly a wasted investment and I'm sure
you want the adrenal glands to make your
warriors tank here to scale against the
ASM is under attack this does mean you
can keep it with a farx swarm but if you
really wanted the farx Swarm you can get
it anywh without getting the B Strangler
I I just really don't like this
investment it's very expensive it slows
the Warriors down so they're more
susceptible to the FC and I just I don't
I don't get the point of it the range
AOE suppression is really good against
range squads but there's not that many
they're not close range range squads
that move very fast like the
scouts we've got a massive engagement
going on right now some attempting to
wipe on the homers but they retreat in
time so they don't get knocked over by
the jump good player by them ter should
be focusing these Scouts the ls on it as
well they're in trouble but yeah the
Warriors just not really able to do
anything to get rid of this very tanky
artificier armor Force Commander right
now no toxin sacks on the second ter
again and that is probably a large
contributory Factor there in the FC
being unkillable that was a Ravena dying
as well expensive stuff finally gets the
the crippling poison online but he
cripples the ASM who are already in
melee really should have crippled the FC
late on the flesh hook it was in fact
CED by the battlecry
there so a bit of a series of misplays
here from Todd man look at this Force
Commander level two at this point just
bleeding so many models so hard to deal
with with the artifice armor really good
peras my goodness he's nearly wiped the
squad Jesus and now he's in M with the
other onear I am Invincible
yikes what a pain in the ass he's now
risking down to armas though yeah got to
get out of there not sure about this
positioning on the tackess them with the
about Strangler eat with the
harmers yeah Todd was a little slow
there they are going to get the
Decap but he lost this area
did King
Fisher pushing out taking it back
definitely behind on the map control now
but that's expected early on against
nids Space Marines get their real
powerful Assets in tier two to fight the
nids the razor back which is amazing due
to the speed that it
has can easily outmaneuver a Venom brood
and avoid it whilst
conveying plasma gun tactical Space
Marines which are very good at pcing the
heavy infantry Warrior brood or the
heavy Infantry Venom brood which is
meant to counter the razor
back the Razer back speed gives you the
upper hand on map control which is
something you dly need against the much
faster infantry of the
tyranids but looks like the full Army
here of the tyranids is is in play oh
wow Scout's going to get wrecked by the
flesh hook and that's it taken out too
slow to retreat them with a double teras
firing in needed to get rid of them a
long time
prior and they sem losing quite a lot of
HP we do have the melee raveners staying
in play in spite of the Razer back
OverWatch fire trying to get that model
on the ASM and they do get it wow two
models on the ASM but no Sergeant now I
would expect to see the Thunder Hammer
coming out for the Force Commander right
now imagine if he had the Thunder Hammer
with battlecry right now doing that AOE
knock back guaranteed be very powerful
what a lucky pick up there with the
chains sword on the warrior brood who
are going to be getting the Forex swarm
I mean it gives them the ability to Zone
the Razer back but again of course the
Razer back has a lot longer range than
the warrior brood forx swarm electro
shock rubs but what you do is you hide
the Warriors like Behind These shot
blockers and then the Razer back has to
drive around to get you and when it does
you can come out and snag it so it zones
the Razer back if I've got Warriors here
the razor back can't drive down here or
here so it protects any infantry that
I'm roaming
around well I mean it can drive there
but it will get hit by an electroshock R
plasma guns are out we use the global
from the liix AL to call in the Venom
brw here to try and dissuade the Razer
back but it's no good when the plasma
attacks are going to just force melee on
your Venom BRD you need some melee to
protect the Venom brood and that's why
you need generally adrenal gland
Warriors buffing your harmers and your
melee rabs but he doesn't have that buff
now cuz he's gone for forx swarm
instead so it leaves the ravs relatively
squishy we'll see some sternard would be
pretty amazing right now for the
composition of King and given that he
lost one of his Scouts I think it would
be a good idea it' be risky if you still
the two scouts because it could be in
over just getting too much infantry you
risk too much upkeep you risk bleeding
too much but I think losing the one
Scout puts him in a decent position
actually to get another infantry Squad
out and he will need the capping power
as well Alternatives could be going for
a dreadn and just overwhelming the AV
potential of
Todd the initiates or you could go for
the
librarian it's also got capping power
right but it
is not quite as durable as a c Squad and
obviously it's not a ranged unit but in
instances like this where the nids are
blobbing like
crazy Smite could be pretty good and
it's another tool to go into melee with
the Venom
brood get the ASM distracting the main
tyranid melee units and then you can use
your librarian to tie up the Venom
brood shoot off some big smites when it
is necessary is under attack
ready
to so Venom sneaked down this way most
of the Space Marines went to the left it
seemed vict Point all back to the base
so give a nice opportunity there for the
venu to get some gem bashing
done and quite Brave to send in the
Razer back so fast yeah just drops the
smoke but I mean you've took a lot of
damage and there's only one Scout you've
got to remember that this damage on a
vehicle is in some way similar to
upkeep I mean it doesn't drain your
requisition d IR L but it does
indirectly because then you've got to
spend time with Scouts repairing this
damage off at the rate of 10 HP per
second and anytime that you spend doing
that with Scouts it's time that Scouts
aren't capping rep points VPS and power
points so it is a drain it's a map
control
drain so it's a a misplay right there by
Fisher to send the razor back in and
concede this damage for no reason it's
not large misplay obviously
ready to serve okay king fisher goes for
a second
Scout he wants the map control he wants
the repairs reliable repairs on the
razor back that's fine the other thing
is Lor obviously can infiltrate so
having extra Scout squads means you
could get double Scout sergeants then
you've got two units that can detect
him homers just need to retreat here
they're bleeding
unnecessarily little slow on that one
Todd but not too big of a deal L may be
too models more than he should
have L Hunter coming in for the lior
alpha so he might see the toxic assyst
as well to make him as tanky as he can
kind of get and then he would actually
put up a good fight against these
two but the alternative is you get the
deadly
leap which gives him more mobility and
utility later on if you've got a tie up
range squads oh the electro shot grub
actually caught the Razer back
somehow must have been exploiting these
line of sight blockers and he caught it
and then that allowed the Venom to
finish it off unfortunately no ASM
nearby to jump on the Venom brood cuz
they were too busy on the other side of
the map so a bit of a misposition there
as well with Todd what I would say is
with your composition when you're
fighting the tyranids and you've got
your razer back running around you need
to make a
choice give the Force Commander the
teleporter pack and then escort the
Razer back with the FC so that he can
teleport on a Venom brood if the Razer
back needs saving or send the Force
Commander with let's say iron Halo
Thunder Hammer with the tax the Force
Commander then can protect the tax from
any melee and the two of those units
will basically beat the whole for
cantered Army except Tyrant guards and
even then the Tyrant guard gets wrecked
by the plasma gun and then if you do
that then you can have the ASM go with a
Razer back and the scouts and the ASM
can jump on the the Venom brood and then
when the melee tries to coun the ASM
they get shot by the Razer back and then
you move in shotgun Scouts to support
the ASM so Todd uh sorry king fisher
messed that up there cuz he had the FC
escorting the Razer back but the FC
didn't have a teleporter pack so he was
in the wrong position once the Razer
back got hit by the electro shck grub
and that led to the the Razer back being
taken out
now that actually opens up a window now
that the Razer back has died for Todd to
get to tier three without needing
further units if that Razer back was
still running around the field and king
fisher decided to get another unit in
tier two with dreadnut Todd going to
tier three here could lose the game he's
already behind on VPS and it could
really put him in a very bad spot where
he's not going to be able to win because
he just can't win any engagements whilst
he's waiting for his swarm mod or his
can effects most
likely and Todd would probably counter
that by getting something like a tyrant
guard to keep the pressure on and help
handle for
dreadnut to guard is really good against
the FC as well cuz you can't knock it
over but he did lose the Razer back so
right now Todd's actually all right
he'll be able to handle this composition
quite well needs to be careful with
these Warriors though he's running them
around wow quite lucky that that plasma
missed okay no he's got the uh the ASM
under control of crippling poison
anywhere plas attacks putting in the
work
man need to retreat going for a
grenade
dodged oh they did get the other model
off the raveners wow I didn't think they
were going
to
loation yeah plasma attacks putting in
serious work three and a half question
is then what is Todd going to do in tier
three king fisher is also going tier
three right now but as you can see he's
losing the map control pretty fast from
losing that Razer back he just does not
have the forces on the ground right now
to fight very
well additional units have become
available Commander you just get fles
hooked that's another model nearly level
three on the
lior teras have done quite good to be
honest
shocked to not see any more upgrades on
the FC he's so powerful in the tyranid
match
up I'm not sure the lawn Hunters really
paid off to be honest not seen him
really use that the problem for the lior
against Space Marines is he can get
controlled when he goes for the melee
build just with shotguns and merciless
strike and jumps and Battle Cry he
doesn't have any way to mitigate knock
back and that can be a problem for him
one of our generators is under
attack it also makes feeder tendrils
kind of bad but then again Space Marines
are the lowest damage race as well so
that does feed into feeder tendrils
being
good but okay wipes the warrior brood
there catches them out they were too
slow to retreat oh [__] we've got death
spitters oh yeah nice yeah he killed the
Raz back he obviously didn't go for
improved synapse and now we can swap to
death spits yeah that's nice it's one of
the nice things with this upgrade on the
Venom brood if you do
avoid going for improved synaps too
early then once you kill the vehicle if
you kill the vehicle you can swap to
death Spears which are if you don't know
Inferno DPS guns so they're kind of like
Mark of Z Space Marines chaos Space
Marines good against all Targets so the
heavy infantry the Space Marines doesn't
protect them they don't do bonus damage
to heavy infantry like plasma en they
just do a flat
100% whereas plasma does less to light
infantry but bonus to heavy
infantry so there is a bit of an irony
there you go for this weapon to be able
to deal with heavy infantry better but
ironically plasma guns will still beat
you but it's just a good weapon against
everything keep them in the back they'll
hurt Scouts they'll hurt the hero
they'll hurt
everythings we do see a can effect
effect as the choice for Todd but hey
king fisher has managed to accumulate
quite a lot of resources he's actually
heading wreck income right now than Todd
way more now that the can effects has
hit the field
upkeep his real kids I am I am lior for
some reason didn't want to fight the FC
don't know why I would have made him use
battlecry and then run off you would
easily One V one him with the lawn
Hunter BFFs and this weapon [__] even
with just this weapon you'd One V one
him and King Fisher's gone for ranged
Terminators
H so we could get the classic one two
here Terminators into a predator that'
be very effective with a melee Force
Commander but you could also go for the
Terminator Force Commander
no commitment on the counter effects yet
in terms of
whoops in terms of whatever the variant
he wants toward
the and this is once again we not having
adrenal gland Warriors is a bit of a
[__] then again he doesn't have any
Warriors right now like the Venom brood
will do okay damage with the death spers
but they can't stand and trade with the
insane HP on the Terminators you need to
them up with melee first and we do have
a form back can effect okay all
right yeah they want to teleport out of
there
fast what on Earth is he
doing where did he borrow oh he just
retreated
okay yeah cuz this is the problem the
Terminators are holding the line on the
south side of the map and the ASM and
double Scouts are dominating over here
it's going to be hard for him to take
this on
actually H good thing with having turant
in the late game against Terminators is
Terminators don't retreat and you've got
that crippling poison to snare them can
definitely set up some wipes if you do
that after you've got into melee with
them yeah let's see how the lior can do
I'm shocked to not see toxic cysts on
the lior gives him more max HP and when
he deploys the cysts he heals 100 to 150
HP in like 10 seconds so it's pretty
good in combat Regen going to lose the
lior if he doesn't retreat in time he
does so he avoids the knock
back but yeah default homon running
towards level four attack and level two
shotgun Scouts not going to go too well
for the harmers so they're just avoiding
combat now and the L the canif effect
for some reason is bashing the
gens not a good use of the canif
effect at all power fist I don't think
flesh over steel works against the canif
effect right unless
it was changed maybe it was I'm not sure
never used to work beautiful special
attack there oh they changed it to work
against the cares wank that is wank
dude that is
wank [__] hell man I hate some of
these
changes they have nerfed canif effectes
in like 16 [__] thousand different
ways so you can hit counter and Tyrant
guards with flesh over steel
now I don't think he had to retreat
really understood I'd have gone for a
kill on the
Terminators suppose there's a risk that
missile tactical Marines could come over
he's going for genan Steelers but I
won't bother i' just get a neuro thrope
if you don't have adrenal gland Warriors
genan Steelers are so [__] squishy
you're going to get kind of wrecked just
go for a neuro you can stun this [__] in
place with the soul drain thing so you
can't move you hit this these [__]
with peroxisome you do about 18% of
their HP each peroxisome and then you CC
these things off points with cataclysm
and you're laughing protect it with
effects so they can't go into
melee this stuns right does it when they
emerge I feel like it
stuns
go oh my God raveners you're dying it
does stun yeah so that's a good option
as well against Terminators Terminators
hit stuns it's not a very long stun
there these raveners are low on HP again
because there is no ad Dre PL Warrior
nearby hey the GS have got into me with
plasma attacks though they'll like that
match up and even though they've got low
HP the plasma attacks can't just bully
their way through them in melee cuz
they've got way too high melee skill
they'll flip the Tactical Marines over
constantly and tear through them with
their power melee which is what we're
seeing one tack dying there but now
we've got a PR
coming yeah it's going to be
rough cuz G steal is obviously not the
best against vehicles
even if they get that tier three rending
claw upgrade they've got to get into
melee with a tank which shouldn't happen
cuz they are a lot slower then you got
melee can effects which again shouldn't
get into melee with a
tank because it's a lot slower so we'll
see there would have been options if he
had ironically the electroshock variant
Warriors but he's lost
him and of course he swapped out his
Venom Cannon to death spitters so this
tank is going to be a problem to put it
mildly you can't go back from Death
spitters to Venom cannons so this Venom
brood is no use
attack ready to serve not sure why king
fisher doesn't have the iron
Haler very cheap upgrade for a lot more
durability right now I mean look at the
size of his energy pool thanks to
artificer and the fact he's Lev five
this would be a lot of extra HP if you
got the Iron
heer Man I'm sorry that you can flesh
over Ste the cter effects feels
bad I think they did get a reduction in
their upkeep cuz it was abnormally high
for some
reason I mean it only puts them at the
same level as Walkers per pop D of it I
think they're more Pops still but it was
even worse
before costing more pop than [__]
Walkers per cost him more upkeep per pop
than
walkers but then the special got
nerfed but it does still do reasonable
damage let's see how is the
Orit the hitable bombardment going to do
oh he didn't finish off the Scout Squad
he would have if he turned around and
swung but he missed the opportunity did
that get a
wi I don't raveners Noe raveners are
alive I don't think that got a wi and
here's flesh over steel again causing
problems
but the the tank is weighing in and
that's a huge
issue yeah I'm afraid that special on
the can effect now is quite a bit
impotent compared to what it used to be
that's
sad man F effect the RL I've got the
same treatment not sure I think that was
about three patches ago two patches ago
something like that massively reduced
the damage of the special basically cut
it in
half I mean the [__] slck was famous
for how powerful it was
but yeah Power Fist just totally shut
down these these things the extra damage
that it's contributing just having him
constantly poking it and you can't get
rid of him he just doesn't have enough
DPS teras one of them got
wiped likewise Terminator is too strong
right now just too much HP
just Todd missed the opportunity really
and and got wrecked by the end game of
the Space Marines he didn't get a head
in Tech as much as he really needed to I
mean I say that he is currently losing
the tax as king fisher but I mean he
can't kill the Terminators while the
Predator can can tell so ultimately it's
[__] me now there's assault Terminators
yeah okay all right all right king
fisher [__] hell we get it we get it
mate
yeah Todd not happy with the balance I
mean plenty of opportunities there to
win that game for him i' say this is
probably not the best map for nids but a
pretty good game actually to be honest
with you pretty pretty decent skill
displayed by both sides here not too
bad um I might upload it on Sloppy
Saturdays but if I do it it was a good
game and it
certainly Slaughters the skill
demonstrated in most of the sloppy
Saturdays but anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed that
one this is the first one I've cast
since I got off my Hiatus it might not
be the first one that gets uploaded
whatever but yeah let me know down in
the comments down below how you found it
will the volume all right that kind of
thing um and are you are you happy to be
back and have a a wonderful festive
season even if you're lonely and
depressed it'll end and there'll be
another one to get depressed about next
year peace top it out
[Music]